about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---

Hi, I'm Achal Shah, a software engineer at Uber Technologies. I'm in the Application Platform team, building tools and infrastructure to ensure that internal services are healthy, well-scaled, and have sufficient capacity. I'm interested in Distributed Systems and Scalability professionally, and a variety of things in general.

I worked for over two years at Amazon Fulfillment Technologies in Seattle, where I worked on solving operational problems in the fulfillment space at scale. My first team owned software for the sortaion process inside the fulfillment centers. Next, I worked in the forecasting space, aimed specifically for the problem of fulfillment planning. I absolutely loved my experience at Amazon, and also Seattle. But round Sept 2015, it seemed like a change was due..

I previously interned at Raytheon BBN Technologies, working on the [FUSE project](http://www.iarpa.gov/index.php/research-programs/fuse).

As a grad student, I'm worked on an independent study on [Eigenwords](https://alliance.seas.upenn.edu/~datamine/wiki/index.php?title=Eigenwords) with [Prof. Lyle Ungar](http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~ungar/)

You can find me on [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/pub/achal-shah/5/79b/949), [github](https://github.com/achals), [Twitter](https://twitter.com/achals), and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/achal.shah).

I'm originally from Ahmedabad, India, where my parents, both of whom are doctors, currently reside. [My wife](http://www.linkedin.com/pub/rishita-anubhai/14/474/685) was at Microsoft, but is now at Baidu Research. [My brother](http://www.linkedin.com/in/rushinnshah) currently works at Apple.

My Resume can be found [here](/resume.pdf).

[Public Key.](https://keybase.io/achals/key.asc)

Commit message:

Update about me to remove twitter

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
permalink: /about/
---

Hi, I'm Achal Shah, a software engineer at Uber Technologies. I'm in the Application Platform team, building tools and infrastructure to ensure that internal services are healthy, well-scaled, and have sufficient capacity. I'm interested in Distributed Systems and Scalability professionally, and a variety of things in general.

I worked for over two years at Amazon Fulfillment Technologies in Seattle, where I worked on solving operational problems in the fulfillment space at scale. My first team owned software for the sortaion process inside the fulfillment centers. Next, I worked in the forecasting space, aimed specifically for the problem of fulfillment planning. I absolutely loved my experience at Amazon, and also Seattle. But round Sept 2015, it seemed like a change was due..

I previously interned at Raytheon BBN Technologies, working on the [FUSE project](http://www.iarpa.gov/index.php/research-programs/fuse).

As a grad student, I'm worked on an independent study on [Eigenwords](https://alliance.seas.upenn.edu/~datamine/wiki/index.php?title=Eigenwords) with [Prof. Lyle Ungar](http://www.cis.upenn.edu/~ungar/)

You can find me on [LinkedIn](http://www.linkedin.com/pub/achal-shah/5/79b/949), [github](https://github.com/achals), and [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/achal.shah), but, I'm most reliably reachable via email.

I'm originally from Ahmedabad, India, where my parents, both of whom are doctors, currently reside. [My wife](http://www.linkedin.com/pub/rishita-anubhai/14/474/685) was at Microsoft, but is now at Baidu Research. [My brother](http://www.linkedin.com/in/rushinnshah) currently works at Apple.

My Resume can be found [here](/resume.pdf).

[Public Key.](https://keybase.io/achals/key.asc)
